- What is HTTP?
    HTTP is Hypertext Transfer Protocol and it allows browsers to interact or communicate with one another.

- What is a URL?
    Also know as Uniform Ressource Locator is the address that tells the browser where to find specific web ressources like pages on the internet.

- What is DNS?
    Also known as Domain Name Service turns the domain name of a website into the IP address  of the server hosting the website.

- What is a query string?
    Query String is a part of the URL which has data that needs to be sent to a web server.

- What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
    The two HTTP verbs are "Get" and "Post". 
    Get requests data from a specified ressource (Webpages, documents and etc.).
    Post submits data to be processed to a specified ressource.

- What is an HTTP request?
    An HTTP request is when a computer communicates with a server to request specific ressources such as a web page or data.

- What is an HTTP response?
    An HTTP response is when a server responds back to a computer's HTTP request.

- What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
    An HTTP header is part of the HTTP request and response communication that asks for more information about the requested ressource.
    Some examples are:
        Accept
        Expect
        Cookie
        Set-Cookie
        WWW-Authentication

- What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
     When I type in the URL above, the following occurs:
        1. THe browser the URL into an IP address (123.45.67.89) for server location.
        2. Connect to the IP address, the browser sends and HTTP request to the server asking for some/page.html.
        3. The server receives the request and locates that request on the URl server.
        4. The server responds back to the browser with the requested page.html.
        5. Once the response has been received the browser displays it to the user.

PART 2

    1. curl -X GET "https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate" -H "Accept: application/json"

    2. dig icanhazdadjoke.com
        icanhazdadjoke.com.	300	IN	A	104.21.66.15
        icanhazdadjoke.com.	300	IN	A	172.67.198.173  
        

        